Add information around multiple labels, relationship types and additional properties to vector index command documentation (#1454)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes/syntax.adoc

[source,syntax]
----
CREATE VECTOR INDEX [index_name] [IF NOT EXISTS]

> FOR (n:LabelName[“|” ...])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FOR (n:LabelName["|" ...])
```
probably a lot more instances of non-standard double-quotes in this file, or even more files actually :thinking: might be out of scope for this PR, feel free to skip

Author: Yeah, I updated the single character `...` on this page but I didn't go through and update all of the quotes (and since the place I copied from had the wrong ones I got it here as well)

ON (n.propertyName)
[WITH “[“ n.additionalPropertyName[, ...] “]”]
[OPTIONS “{“ option: value[, ...] “}”]
----

[source, syntax]
.Create a vector index for a relationship type on a single property 
----
CREATE VECTOR INDEX [index_name] [IF NOT EXISTS]
FOR ()-”[“r:TYPE_NAME[“|” ...]”]”-()
ON (r.propertyName)
[WITH “[“ r.additionalPropertyName[, ...] “]”]
[OPTIONS “{“ option: value[, ...] “}”]
----

[NOTE]

> Multiple labels, multiple relationship type and additional properties were introduced in 2026.01.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple labels, multiple relationship types and additional properties were introduced in Neo4j 2026.01.
```
